Redirects UI text, AIW instructions, library fixes (#2137)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-users-out/sign-out-of-okta/vue/remotesignout.md

> After performing [local signout](/docs/guides/sign-users-out/vue/sign-out-of-your-app/), navigate the user's browser to the [OIDC logout page](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#logout). This page clears the user's Okta session, and then redirects back to the `post_logout_redirect_uri` that is provided. This URI must be one of those listed in the **Sign-out redirect URIs** section of your application's settings. See [Define the signout callback](/docs/guides/sign-users-out/define-signout-callback/) for more information on defining this URI in your application settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you perform a [local signout](/docs/guides/sign-users-out/vue/sign-out-of-your-app/), navigate the user's browser to the [OIDC logout page](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#logout). This page clears the user's Okta session and then redirects back to the `post_logout_redirect_uri` that is provided. This URI must be one of those listed in the **Sign-out redirect URIs** section of your application's settings. See [Define the signout callback](/docs/guides/sign-users-out/define-signout-callback/) for more information on defining this URI in your application settings.
```
